README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: scaffold app and add initial product docs

README.md, after:

# Ontario Wine Selector

## Bottom line

Build a mobile-first decision engine that helps users choose an in-stock wine near them in under 90 seconds, with clear confidence and "why this pick" explanations.

## What this repo is for

- Product build for Ontario wine selection MVP.
- UX-first execution with recommendation quality and data reliability.
- Hands-on AI product-sense learning through a real shipped experience.

## Core promise

- User can answer: "What should I buy near me right now?" quickly and confidently.

## UX north-star metrics

- Median time-to-decision: <= 90 seconds.
- Recommendation acceptance rate: >= 35% in alpha.
- Nearby inventory validity on surfaced recommendations: >= 90%.

## Project structure (initial)

- `docs/UX_PRINCIPLES.md`: experience quality bar and interaction standards.
- `docs/TODAY_SPRINT.md`: parallel build streams and immediate task plan.

## Quick start

1. `cd /Users/varun/Documents/ontario-wine-selector`
2. `npm run dev`
3. Open `http://localhost:3000`

Then continue with the UX and delivery plan in `docs/TODAY_SPRINT.md`.
